this is a more friendly-version of all the Verein info.
I want to start a school similar in nature to those I participated in last year in NY:
ITP Camp at NYU and School for Poetic Computation in Brooklyn.

The school, whose temporary name is School of Machines, Making and Make-Believe will be focused on 
education and making in the intersecting areas of interactive art, creative storytelling and technology.
This would be the "purpose" of the Verein.

This goal would be achieved through providing various programs of varying lengths (from workshops, 
a few hours in length to more in-depth 3-month courses and everything in between). everything should be related
in some way to the above stated purpose.

It will also be a goal of the group to keep an equal gender balance of participants where possible.

In order to establish the School as a non-profit, we would have to establish a Verein, or what is essentially a "collective".
We would need a minimum of seven people to sign-on as board members.

It would be great to have all board members of this group be female and in some way working in any or all of these fields:
interaction, art, storytelling and technology. 

The Board would be responsible for decision-making and each member would have the power to vote.

It would be ideal if everyone was interested to give creative input and somehow incorporate their own individual passions into 
some aspect of the school as it fits within the purpose.

As with all non-profits, the money collected by and for the Verein goes into running the activities of the Verein.

There is a monthly membership fee, the amount of which is to be decided on by the general assembly. this amount could be as little as
€1 a month but again that's to be decided by the group.

Ideally the School would kick off this Summer 2014 for a one-month test run. 
I'm hoping for July or August but first would like to get setup as a Verein as quickly as possible and see
time-wise how it's looking from that point on.

There is more to it but those are essentially the basics.

Are you in? email me!

